Question:AnswerA:AnswerB:AnswerC:Answer:Explanation
"Long distance separates no bosom friends.（海内存知己，天涯若比邻）" is a verse from ( )?:Wang Bo (王勃):Li Bai (李白):Bai Jvyi (白居易):0:"海内存知己，天涯若比邻" comes from 《送杜少府之任蜀州》. This poem is the work of Tang Dynasty poet 王勃 (Wang Bo).
但使龙城飞将在，不教胡马度( ):燕山:边关:阴山:2:"但使龙城飞将在，不教胡马度阴山" comes from 《出塞二首·其一》. This poem is the work of Tang Dynasty poet 王昌龄 (Wang Changling).
What does "忽如一夜春风来，千树万树梨花开" describe?:Spring scenery:Pear blossom:Snow scape:2:"忽如一夜春风来，千树万树梨花开" comes from 《白雪歌送武判官归京》. This poem is the work of Tang Dynasty poet 岑参 (Cen Shen).
Looking up, I find the moon bright; Bowing, in _____ I'm drowned.:Happiness:Homesickness:Success:1:This poem comes from Thoughts On a Tranquil Night of Li Bai, an ancient Chinese poet. This poem expresses his deep feelings of homesickness while wandering abroad.
“Each bowl of rice, who knows? Is the fruit of hard toil.” Describes the hard work of the Chinese ancient ( ):Farmer:Emperor:Writer:0:This poem comes from The Peasants which describes the hard work of the Chinese ancient farmers and therefore we should cherish and respect food.
“Its torrent dashes down three thousand feet from high, as if the Silver River fell from the blue sky.” Describes the view of ( ):Raining:Waterfall:Silver River:1:This sentence comes from The Waterfall In Mount Lu Viewed From Afar, written by Li Bai. This poem described the spectacular waterfall in Mount Lu.
A ____ fisherman afloat Is fishing snow in lonely boat.:Lonely:Happy:Mad:0:This poem comes from Fishing In Snow which describes a fisherman in the lonely environment.
I invite you to drink a cup of ____again; West of the Sunny Pass no more friends will be seen.:Wine:Tea:Water:0:This poem comes from A Farewell Song, expressing the poet’s reluctance towards his friends who is about to travel far. The wine carries out too much sadness and best wishes to his friend.
“The songstress knows not the grief of the captive king, by riverside she sings his song of Parting Spring.” In this verse, the writer is ( ):Happy:Lonely:Worried:2:This poem comes from Moored On River Qinhuai, expressing the poet’s anxiousness towards the fatuous and self-indulgent ruler in Tang dynasty.
However deep the Lake of Peach Blossoms may be, it's not so deep, O Wang Lun! as your ____ for me.:Gift :Love:Money:1:This poem comes from To Wang Lun, expressing the poet’s true and deep friendship with Wang Lun.
Read the following poem, choose the feelings expressed by the author：I look eastward, long, long my homeward road appears. My old arms tremble and my sleeves are wet with tears. Meeting you on horseback, with what brush can I write? I can but ask you to tell them I am all right.:Happy:Lonely:Homesickness:2:This poem comes from On Meeting A Messenger Going To The Capital, written by Cen Shen. The poet was sent thousand miles away from home to be the officer, but the communications and transportation are extremely inconvenient at Tang dynasty, so this poem expresses the homesickness of the poet.
